In our case we use a mixture of
short and long-range radars built specifically for this project.
In the context of automotive,
the radars are required to use
only a specific frequency bandwidth designated for automotive use.
Here their requirements are different.
For example, the automotive radars are cost-driven,
small, and with less power consumption.
It should not contain moving parts.
The detection range is less than what we need for example in defense or weather purposes.
It's hard to say what is the range of
automotive radar because there are different variants.
Let's say long-range radars can reliably see
objects up to 250 meters but they have a small field of view.
On the other side there are radars,
short range radars that are designated to
have larger field of view but they cannot see as far.